Dear Partner,Kindly share the Order ID and screenshot of the tip amount so that we can assist you further.
Dear Partner,the issue has been shared with the concerned team, and we kindly request you to wait for some time as they work on resolving it.
Dear Partner,the bike taxi skill is already added to your ID. If you're still unable to go online, please share a screenshot.
Dear partner,kindly share your Driving License (DL) and Registration Certificate (RC) for Uber Bike Taxi verification.
Dear partner,Driving License (DL) and Registration Certificate (RC) are mandatory to join as a bike taxi rider. 
Dear Partner,As we have checked, your request to join the Bike Taxi service has already been initiated. Kindly wait for the CRC verification process to be completed. Once the verification is done, you will be able to go online and start accepting rides.
Dear Partner,We regret to inform you that Uber Bike Taxi is currently not available for activation in your city.
Dear Partner,Kindly specify which incentive you are referring to, so we can assist you more effectively.
Dear Partner,As per our records, no Prime subscription deduction has occurred. If you wish to subscribe to the Prime service, please follow the given instruction.
Dear Partner,We apologize for the inconvenience caused.For any issues related to live orders, we kindly request you to raise a ticket in the "Live Order" section. The concerned team contacts you immediately and provides a resolution.
Dear Partner,If you are facing any issues while trying to go online, please share a screenshot of the error. This will help us assist you more effectively.
Dear Partner,Kindly visit the nearest hub or onboarding center to complete the training task. Please note that this step is necessary, as we do not have access to remove the task on our end.
Dear Partner, as we have checked,your ID has been reclaimed, and the primary ID is now active.Kindly log in using your primary ID and you should be able to access your account successfully.
Dear Partner For detailed information regarding penalties or deductions on your account, please visit your nearest Shadowfax office or hub and speak with your Team Leader (TL). They will review your case and provide the necessary explanation to resolve your concerns.
Dear Partner,Please note that the order pay for Uber displayed on the app is a floating amount. The actual finalized amount will be visible at the end of the trip/day.
Dear Partner, orders are auto-assigned, and we don't have the option to specifically assign MKT orders to any rider. Kindly wait, you will receive the expected orders shortly.
Sir, the weekly incentive is counted from Friday to Thursday and added on Friday. Please wait; if you have a weekly incentive on the rate card, it will be added. Don't worry.
Dear partner, kindly share your scanned bank passbook/Cancel Cheque image/ Mobile app screenshot for change your Bank Account.
NOTE : as per cancellation policy for Orders cancelled before reaching restaurant location penalty is 50/- (Pre Pickup cancellation) & for Order Cancelled after reaching Restaurant penalty is Rs 400/- (Post Pickup cancellation).
Please share the PAN card image and selfie to change your mobile number.
